public/content/projects/first-project.mdx, before:

---
title: "First Project"
summary: "A comprehensive web application built with modern technologies"
date: "2024-01-15"
tags: ["React", "TypeScript", "Node.js", "MongoDB"]
status: "completed"
githubUrl: "https://github.com/username/first-project"
liveUrl: "https://first-project.example.com"
image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1555066931-4365d14bab8c?w=600&h=400&fit=crop"
featured: true
---

# First Project

## Overview

This project is a full-stack web application that demonstrates modern development practices and technologies. It features a responsive design, user authentication, and real-time data updates.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop
- Real-time notifications
- Data visualization with charts
- RESTful API backend
- Database integration

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express.js
- **Database**: MongoDB
- **Deployment**: Vercel, Railway

## Screenshots

![Project Homepage](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1555066931-4365d14bab8c?w=600&h=400&fit=crop)

## Challenges & Solutions

One of the main challenges was implementing real-time updates without affecting performance. I solved this by implementing efficient WebSocket connections and optimizing database queries.

## What I Learned

- Advanced React patterns and hooks
- TypeScript best practices
- Database design and optimization
- Deployment strategies

Commit message:

feat: enhance project and writing components with bullet points, improved layout, and new utility functions

public/content/projects/first-project.mdx, after:

---
title: "First Project"
summary: "A comprehensive web application built with modern technologies"
date: "2024-01-15"
tags: ["React", "TypeScript", "Node.js", "MongoDB"]
status: "completed"
githubUrl: "https://github.com/username/first-project"
liveUrl: "https://first-project.example.com"
image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1555066931-4365d14bab8c?w=600&h=400&fit=crop"
featured: true
bulletPoints: [
  "Built with React and TypeScript for type safety",
  "Implemented real-time features using WebSockets",
  "Responsive design with mobile-first approach",
  "Integrated with MongoDB for data persistence"
]
---

# First Project

## Overview

This project is a full-stack web application that demonstrates modern development practices and technologies. It features a responsive design, user authentication, and real-time data updates.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop
- Real-time notifications
- Data visualization with charts
- RESTful API backend
- Database integration

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express.js
- **Database**: MongoDB
- **Deployment**: Vercel, Railway

## Screenshots

![Project Homepage](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1555066931-4365d14bab8c?w=600&h=400&fit=crop)

## Challenges & Solutions

One of the main challenges was implementing real-time updates without affecting performance. I solved this by implementing efficient WebSocket connections and optimizing database queries.

## What I Learned

- Advanced React patterns and hooks
- TypeScript best practices
- Database design and optimization
- Deployment strategies
