public/content/projects/second-project.mdx, before:

---
title: "Second Project"
summary: "A comprehensive web application built with modern technologies"
date: "2023-12-15"
tags: ["React", "Node.js", "MongoDB", "TypeScript"]
status: "completed"
githubUrl: "https://github.com/username/second-project"
liveUrl: "https://second-project-demo.com"
image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1498050108023-c5249f4df085?w=600&h=400&fit=crop"
featured: true
---

# Second Project

This is a full-stack web application that demonstrates modern development practices and technologies.

## Overview

The Second Project is a task management application that helps users organize their daily activities and collaborate with team members. Built with a focus on performance and user experience.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Real-time task updates
- Team collaboration tools
- Responsive design
- Dark/light theme support
- File attachment handling

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB
- **Authentication**: JWT, bcrypt
- **Real-time**: Socket.io
- **Deployment**: Vercel, MongoDB Atlas

## Installation

Commit message:

feat: enhance project and writing components with bullet points, improved layout, and new utility functions

public/content/projects/second-project.mdx, after:

---
title: "Second Project"
summary: "A comprehensive web application built with modern technologies"
date: "2023-12-15"
tags: ["React", "Node.js", "MongoDB", "TypeScript"]
status: "completed"
githubUrl: "https://github.com/username/second-project"
liveUrl: "https://second-project-demo.com"
image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1498050108023-c5249f4df085?w=600&h=400&fit=crop"
featured: true
bulletPoints: [
  "Developed with React and TypeScript for enhanced type safety",
  "Utilized Node.js for backend services",
  "Implemented MongoDB for data storage",
  "Responsive design with a focus on user experience"
]
---

# Second Project

This is a full-stack web application that demonstrates modern development practices and technologies.

## Overview

The Second Project is a task management application that helps users organize their daily activities and collaborate with team members. Built with a focus on performance and user experience.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Real-time task updates
- Team collaboration tools
- Responsive design
- Dark/light theme support
- File attachment handling

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB
- **Authentication**: JWT, bcrypt
- **Real-time**: Socket.io
- **Deployment**: Vercel, MongoDB Atlas

## Installation
